Update writeparser documentation (#44)
CiscoTestAutomation/getting-started: develop-guide/writeparser/writeparser.rst

Now that you've finished writing your parser, the time has come to test it!

There are currently two types of tests, those being Folder Based and Unittest Based.
The testing strategy is currently in a state of transition.
Moving to folder based testing helps us avoid merge conflicts and duplicate boilerplate code
while ensuring tests are faster and easier create and use.
When creating tests for a new parser do so in the Folder Based style.

:ref:`Folder based testing <folder_based_testing>` is currently completed for:

  * ASA
  * IOS

>   * IOSXE

Reviewer: Please add in
IOSXR
JUNOS
NXOS

All other OS's are in transition from :ref:`unittest based testing <unittest_based_testing>`.

.. important::
    If you want to contribute your new parser to the open-source |pyATS| feature

>     libraries and components, you must attach Folder Based testing results for each parser
>     that you want to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    libraries and components, you must attach Folder Based test files for each parser
    that you want to contribute. If your parser is for an OS that is not included in the 
    above list, then submit unittest test files instead.
```

Maybe we can something like that? Just in case user is submitting something weird. Not sure if that'll happen, but it's probably good to have something like that

Reviewer: What do you think?

Author: I asked @tahigash if we wanted to have all new tests be folder based, regardless of operating system and he said yes.

Reviewer: 👍

Now that you've finished writing your parser, the time has come to test it!

There are currently two types of tests, those being Folder Based and Unittest Based.
The testing strategy is currently in a state of transition.
Moving to folder based testing helps us avoid merge conflicts and duplicate boilerplate code
while ensuring tests are faster and easier create and use.
When creating tests for a new parser do so in the Folder Based style.

:ref:`Folder based testing <folder_based_testing>` is currently completed for:

  * ASA
  * IOS
  * IOSXE
  * IOSXR
  * JUNOS

>   * NXOS

Reviewer 2: as you can see here, NXOS is partially done. not fully done, I believe...
https://github.com/CiscoTestAutomation/genieparser/tree/master/src/genie/libs/parser/nxos/tests

.. code-block:: bash

>     .../genieparser/tests$ python folder_parsing_job.py

Reviewer 2: just curious. why not using `pyats run job` instead of `python`...?

Reviewer: No reason. Only because I use it with `python`
